hey everyone it's M and as it's not long
until back-to-school it pains me to say
that but it's not too long I thought I'd
show you a couple of outfit ideas of
what I'd wear to my sit form but I
decided to do it a bit differently I
decided to focus on one key piece which
is a shirt from misguided and then I'm
gonna kind of show you how I'd style
that shirt up in different ways and I
have tried to bear in mind the different
sick forms and schools and colleges have
different dress codes so I've tried to
incorporate everything into one and I
hope you enjoyed so this first outfit is
probably one of my favorite I'm such a
sucker for basics so an all-black outfit
with the one key piece is so me I've got
these genes which are from misguided and
they're kind of a highway to disco pants
style trouser and then I just got this
black crop top and you can get these
from almost anywhere and then in this
case I've used the share as a kimono
style this is so easy to do with these -
shirts you just unbutton them rather
seize up a little bit and they look like
a kimono and I also paired this with
some boots from misguided and these are
kind of snake print which adds a bit
more detail to the outfit and I don't
know about you but at school there are a
few key pieces of jewelry that I like to
wear one being a wash but I can't really
deal with too much jewelry on whilst I'm
working so that's kind of what I've lend
it to for this outfit and this next
outfit is perfect for those of you that
have to dress up a bit more for school
or sick form and I've just taken the
shirt and buttoned it all the way up and
tucked it into this a line scuba style
skirt now I know schools can be pretty
strict on the length of the skirt but I
tend to find if you show some black
tights on then there
don't really notice as much so that's
what I've done just here and as this is
a pretty smart outfit and I don't know
about you but after school I like to go
and hang out with my friends
so distressed denim is a really easy way
to make that outfit a whole lot more
casual and this jacket is from misguided
it's just an oversized distressed denim
jacket and I think it's gorgeous
and it looks so cool with this outfit
and I've also paired the boots with that
because I just love the way they look
next outfit is when I go for if I was
running late and I don't really have any
idea I wanted to wear or if you like to
keep things a bit more casual so
obviously the shirt from misguided is
the key piece and then I've just shoved
on some jeans and jeans just such a
staple if you don't know what to wear
they tend to be what you throw on and
then some converse so this is just such
a basic outfit but it looks so put
together because the pattern of the
shirt this final outfit is probably my
favorite and is probably the most
appropriate for the first couple of
weeks back to school whilst it's still
quite warm out what I've done is I just
grabbed the misguided a line skirt and I
paired that with just a plain black cami
and tuck that in so it looks kind of
like a black dress and then again I use
the shirt open as a kind of kimono style
thing and I love doing this I think it
looks so cool and then I've put on some
chunky black boots but it kind of boots
and heels aren't the way you like to go
you can always pair it with some flats
and I think it looks super cute if you
put knee-high socks with it as well so I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
and got some inspiration from it of how
you can take one key piece which in this
case is a shirt and kind of dress it up
in different ways and wear it numerous
times I hope you all the feeling okay
about going back to school I do have
some more back to school videos coming
up so I will see you very soon bye